I'm standing in talz east of jabalia
refugee camp in the northern part of the
Gaza Strip where the Israeli occupation
forces tanks armored vehicles and troops
were
deployed they destroyed everything in
their way from residential buildings to
infrastructure even mosques and water
wells were not
spared the city's Grand Mosque where I
stand was flattened by the Israeli
forces the Topography of this area is
relatively high that is why they station
themselves
here this was once a house of God it was
leveled to the ground adjacent to the
mosque was a kindergarten and a water
reservoir and the wells feeding the
entire residential area with water all
were reduced to
ruins city was Lively bustling with
people residents used to live in peace
thousands of residential buildings were
destroyed either by Israeli war planes
or their tanks with the ground Invasion
the entire city was carpet bombed by the
Israeli jet fighters before their
soldiers entered and wre
Havoc even the city's Landmark the Grand
Mosque was not spared the water
reservoir tank feeding tal El zatar
jabalia and Zed Aras was purposefully
destroyed by them infrastructure was
willfully demolished water pipes and
sewage systems were entirely destroyed
by the Israelis some residents are
trickling back to their homes they come
and see either their homes flattened or
unfit for living however gsin are
determined to come back and stand their
ground even if reduced to
dust I am on what was once a major
crossroads in t El zatar these streets
were the center stage of fierce fighting
between Israeli soldiers and the
Palestinian resistance Fighters fighting
kept raging for days if not weeks in
this area the aftermath is clearly
visible massive destruction residential
homes streets infrastructure nothing was
spared these metal parts are what is
left of some of the Israeli armored gear
which was destroyed by the Palestinian
resistance Fighters a testament to the
ferociousness of fighting the entire
area is no longer fit for humans to live
in this is the scene at tal Z north of
the Gaza Strip the area was carpet Bomb
by the Israelis before it witnessed
ferocious fighting between their
soldiers and the Palestinian resistance
Fighters any sign of life was targeted
and hit by Israel their goal is to leave
the entire area unfit for living until
this day the area and returning
civilians are targeted by the Israeli
missiles shells and
drones make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer